Next up is where we introduce the entertainment industry's sparkling gemstones
Uncovering
This morning is the artist who became a popular topic due to his high toned voice
Let's pay attention to his singing together
♫ We watched fireworks blooming in a flash of light ♫
♫ Surely this summer is far from over ♫
The person singing the currently popular song >
Is not DAOKO-san, but a male singer
Futhermore,
♫ What happens if my thoughts for you overflows? ♫
♫ When is the right moment or right time ♫
♫ To hold your hand? ♫
He is the one with the fresh crsip voice, Mafumafu-san
His voice has no added autotune
In this year's June, his singing was shown to the 35.000 people that attended his concert at Seibu Dome
♫ Won't you dance with me? ♫
♫ Ripples on the water that resound with sorrow ♫
♫ In the depths of the Yellow River ♫
- I really like him! I listen to his songs everyday! -
- He can sing a high key that girls even sing up to -
- The fact that he can make those high notes is astonishing -
Mafumafu-san,
Is actually a very shy person
Mafumafu in a shy tone: I'm Mafu
Because he doesn't show his face,
He keeps his mask on even when we interviewed him